OK so let's add a car that's out of her to the car detail.
You know it's pretty much the same idea.
I'm going to delete this from the previous section.
And you know the other version the other type using array you have to create a new file and everything
else right here.
We don't need to do that again it just copy all of this and just paste it at the bottom.
Just real simple the action that we are calling right here is going to be called Car detail such as
going to put car detail inside here and again which is what you want to keep the state and instead of
storing everything inside a list we can stored inside instead of a different place.
We can say detail for example.
That's fine.
So now if I go to 4 it is going to go right here if we go to a car or closet if I go to car and inside
the maps that prompts we have to cancel look to state.
So we should be able to see right here inside the object.
So I'm going to go over to Fort and let me just bring the car producer right now.
OK.
So you can have it right here.
So I'm going to search for Ford to get the list.
I'm going to click in Mustang.
It's going to take us to the to the details I mean.
And I got to just open this and check if I have the information.
We do.
We have a list the list of four cars and inside detail we have the information of the car here.
So it's good.
We are using an object to store different different kind of different types of information.
They're going to give you one freebie right now we are whenever we call a detail we return the state
and we returned a detail.
You can return more things we can add more things to the state.
For example if I say right here and Rosek know whatever is a color and then set it to true.
This one whenever we we run this reducer is going to add something that is true.
So you can just put it to pass things.
And for example if you go back and we fetch some information which is changed is to call false or whatever.
So if I go right here inside the car let me just start the cycle again.
Going to say Ford beget cars.
Cars and the color is going to be false.
And the list of four.
So we can put more data right here if you wanted to.
If I go to Mustang I get to go to cars.
And now he's going to keep state added detail and change the color we had from before.
True right.
So color is true.
We have a detail and then we have a list.
Right.
So that is working.
It's working really nice.
So now what we need to do we need to go back to cars and create create the loop for this to map over
the cars so we can just render the information right here.
We're going to do it on the next section because it's kind of the assassin just elements of S..
Maybe it's boring and you don't want to do it.
That's fine it's up to you.
Let's go to the next section.